hi my name is Peter I'm the owner of
American Sports Outlet I've been playing
football for most twenty years have a
lot of experience with equipment and I'm
going to help you find the right
equipment hi in this part I'm going to
talk about shoulder pads I'm going to
talk about the missionary the fitting
and the safety of shoulder pads there's
a lot of shoulder pads and a lot of
prices out there and it's important to
understand when buying your first
shoulder pad that what you're paying for
is to comfort the quality and the
fitting of the shoulder pad meaning that
the more expensive it will get the
better comfort you will get will
determine the size of your shoulder pad
what you need is a measuring tape and
the person who can help you measure what
you do is that you bring the chest for
it and you take the shoulders down in
order to get the shoulder bone as wide
out as possible
you place the measuring tape by there
that's a shoulder bone remember here
that the shoulder bone is not what's on
the outside of the shoulder but the
shoulder bone is placed on the top of
the shoulder this is the bone coming
from your arm up into your shoulder
blade and you're measuring from the
outside to the opposite shoulder bones
outside this would give you the correct
measurement and ensure you get the right
size for your next shoulder pad when
buying around else shoulder pad be aware
that have another way of doing the
measuring instead of measuring on the
back you will need to place the
measuring tape on top and across the
shoulders this would give you the
correct measurement for radial
silhouette there's a lot of positions to
the different shoulder pads always
ensure that the shoulder pad you want to
buy is the correct one for your position
this would give you the right safety and
ensure you get the right mobility when
trying on your shoulder pad for the
first time you need to ensure you have
the correct sizing using two similar
principles one of them being that no
movement to the shoal of head and the
other one being as tight as possible the
tighter you can have to show my pad to
your body the better protection it will
give you in the list its chance of an
injury first when I'm demonstrate and
incorrect shoulder pad as you will see
on this player does you have air in
between the body and the show up at this
giving movement to the shoulder pad and
ultimately can create and cause an
injury
next I'm going to show you a correct
shoulder pad as you can see on this
shoulder pad is to nowhere in between
the body and the shoulder pad give me no
movement to the shoulder pad and gives
you a better protection
the fields when playing with it if you
feel that the shoulder pet doesn't bring
you enough protection you can always buy
accessories I'm just going to show you a
few here mainly focusing on the neck and
on the lower body first I'm going to
talk a bit about neck protection that's
basically Spri types of neck protection
another market one of them being the
neck roll the neck roll is really good
for o-line d-line the other one being
that butterfly restrictor the butterfly
restrictor is really good for outside
linebackers and D backs and the last one
being the cowboy call it the cowboy call
is mainly big build for full backs and
middle linebackers there's two types of
protection for the lower body I want to
show you one of them being the back
plate which protects the lower back of
your body the other one being the rib
cumple the rib combo protects the lower
back of your body but at the same time
if it takes the the ribs and the side of
your body